readme.md, before:

# TSK

TSK PL (Programming language) is superset of JavaScript, adds some syntaxic functionality to existing JavaScript.
TSK Complier transplies tsk code into valid JavaScript code and is written in TypeScript.

## Installing
1. Download and install [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads) (Skip if already installed).
2. Download and install [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/download/current/) (Skip if already installed).
3. Download this git repository using `git clone https://github.com/MadProbe/tsk` command.
4. Go to downloaded code typically using `cd tsk`.
5. Install dependencies by running `npm install` (`npm i` also works)
6. Build project using `npm run build`.
7. To install compiler write `npm run globalinstall`.

## Build
Build project using `npm run build`.

## Usage
> `tskc --main=path/to/file --out=path/to/out/dir --pretty`
* main - main file to start compilation from (can be passed multiple times if you need to compile several files at one time)
* out - dir where output code is stored
* pretty - If output must be prettified

## Contacts
[Discord](https://discord.gg/5dPuBvZjjx)

Commit message:

add note about node-fetch

readme.md, after:

# TSK

TSK PL (Programming language) is superset of JavaScript, adds some syntaxic functionality to existing JavaScript.
TSK Complier transplies tsk code into valid JavaScript code and is written in TypeScript.

## Installing
1. Download and install [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads) (Skip if already installed).
2. Download and install [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/download/current/) (Skip if already installed).
3. Download this git repository using `git clone https://github.com/MadProbe/tsk` command.
4. Go to downloaded code typically using `cd tsk`.
5. Install dependencies by running `npm install` (`npm i` does same)
6. Build project using `npm run build`.
7. To install compiler write `npm run globalinstall`.
8. Also recommend to install node-fetch as global module by using `npm i -g node-fetch` command, by that allowing fetching web scripts from node.

## Build
Build project using `npm run build`.

## Usage
> `tskc --main=path/to/file --out=path/to/out/dir --pretty`
* main - main file to start compilation from (can be passed multiple times if you need to compile several files at one time)
* out - dir where output code is stored
* pretty - If output must be prettified

## Contacts
[Discord](https://discord.gg/5dPuBvZjjx)
